[Task] Adapting changes for decoupling admin bundle (#731)
pimcore/data-hub: doc/Installation_and_Upgrade/01_Installation.md

# Installation

## Bundle Installation
### For Pimcore >= 10.5 & < 11

> To install Pimcore Datahub for Pimcore 10.5 or higher, follow the three steps below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### For Pimcore >= 10.6 & < 11
To install Pimcore Datahub for Pimcore 10.6 or higher, follow the three steps below:
```
